Our next topic is History.
Now when many of us use bank applications,
we almost always expect to see a history of our transactions.
When we use our web browser,
we also expect to be able to go back and see the history of our transactions.
When we use certain social media apps like maybe Twitter etc.,
the history is implicit.
When we use games and such,
there is no concept of a history.
In the context of a blockchain-based DAP,
history is very important,
mainly because the amount of time that may elapse
between when a user initiates an action and when the result of that action is available,
could be substantially long,
it could be five minutes,
it could be five hours.
It's important for us to be able to put the user back in the frame of mind,
back in the context where they were when they initiate a transaction,
so they can go back and see what happened at the time of a notification comes in.
So earlier, we talked about event notifications.
So imagine some time has elapsed and there's now
a notification about a previous transaction.
What does the user do with that notification other than look at it?
Well, they should be able to interact with it,
they should be able to go and navigate to a history where they
can see what exactly they did and when.
This is important because we can't expect users
to have that cognitive load of always remembering what they did,
when they did, and why they did it, etc.
It's our job in the user interface to give them
that history so that when the notification arrives, they can see that.
Now we don't think of DAPs necessarily as bank applications,
but when they do in bulk cryptocurrency,
it's the users money,
they want to be able to go and account for that kind of stuff.
So another dual purpose your history can do,
is serve to act as the user's personal ledger of what they did,
including financial transactions, etc.
So it's a good way to give the user back
some of the control they lose when they start using a DAP,
is by having a history and give them back that time,
put them there, so they can remember what happened.